# Fixes

## Bugs

- When adding timeline, the `addTimelineItem` method should ensure that the time is not clashing with another timeline item. If it does, it should return an error.

- For `bookVendor` method check if the offer amount is greater than the vendor's minimum offer amount. If it's not, return an error.

- Vendor availability using availability field in the vendor record is not sufficient. The book vendor method should check all booked dates instead to see if the vendor is available. If the vendor is not available, return an error. When a new booking is made and confirmed by the vendor, the booked date should be added to the `bookedDates` on the vendor record. Also this changes needs us to ensure that if two bookings were created (not confirmed yet) for the same day, when the first booking is confirmed by the vendor using the `updateBookingStatus` method, the second booking should be cancelled automatically.

- Search all vendors method takes a text query parameter which is used to search for vendors using category, but category field is a text it should also be a variant. This is to avoid errors when searching for vendors.

- The `submitGuestRSVP` method keeps allowing me to add more guests even when the guest limits set on the wedding record has been reached. It should return an error when the limit has been reached. Stopping the user from adding more guests.

- Use variants for status fields in records. This is to avoid using strings which are prone to errors and are not type-safe. Bugs under this category are:
  - The status field in the `updateTaskStatus` payload accepted anything, i was able to add any string as the status and it worked
  - The status field in the `updateRegistryItemStatus` payload accepted anything, i was able to add any string as the status and it worked

- Registry Item name is meant to be a unique value, but a bug was uncovered where the same item can be added multiple times. This is because the name field is not validated when adding a new registry item. In the `addRegistryItem` method it should be validated to ensure that the name is unique.

## Code Improvements

- Your .gitingore file is not ignoring the .dfx folder which is generated by the DFX SDK. This folder should be ignored to avoid committing unnecessary files to the repository.

- Fixed Readme.md documentation to be more clear and correct. Deployments (Local and Production)

- Create reusable record objects for method responses to avoid code duplication. This will make the code more readable and maintainable.

- There is code duplication in the `searchVendors` and `getAllVendors` methods. It's better to create a single method where the query parameters can be passed as arguments and are optional. This will make the code more readable and maintainable.

- `addTimelineItem` method accepted status field as part of the payload which is not necessary. The status field is set to `pending` by default regardless of what the user sends. This should be removed from the payload to avoid confusion.

- The `submitGuestRSVP` method should validate the email provided by the guest. If the email is not valid, it should return an error.

- Then the `approveGuestRSVP` method should approve a guest RSVP using the RSVP id instead of the email. This is to avoid errors when the email is not unique.

- The `TableAssignment` variant should not have Table1 to Table10 fields. It should have a single field called `table` which the value will be a number. This is to compensate for the fact that the number of tables can be dynamic and avoid code duplication.

- Add a `declineGuestRSVP` method to decline a guest RSVP using the RSVP id including the reason for declining. This ensures a wedding organizer can fully utilize the RSVP feature.
